Adding Pull Request Template (#610)
phantomcyber/phantom-apps: .github/pull_request_template.md

Please ensure your pull request (PR) adheres to the following guidelines:

- Please refer to our contributing documentation for any questions on submitting a pull request, link: [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/phantomcyber/phantom-apps/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Pull Request Checklist

#### Please check if your PR fulfills the following requirements:
- [ ] Testing of all the changes has been performed (for bug fixes / features)
- [ ] The readme.html has been reviewed and added / updated if needed (for bug fixes / features)
- [ ] Use the following format for the PR description: `<App Name>: <PR Type> - <PR Description>`
- [ ] Provide release notes as part of the PR submission which describe high level points about the changes for the upcoming GA release.
- [ ] Verify all checks are passing.

> - [ ] Please don't use the `next` branch of the forked repo. Create separate feature branch for raising the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Do NOT use the `next` branch of the forked repo. Create separate feature branch for raising the PR.
```

> - [ ] Please do not submit updates to dependencies unless it fixes an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Do NOT submit updates to dependencies unless it fixes an issue.
```

> - [ ] Please limit your pull request to one application, submit multiple pull requests if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Limit your pull request to one application and submit multiple pull requests if necessary.
```

## Pull Request Type

#### Please check the type of change your PR introduces:
- [ ] New App
- [ ] Bugfix
- [ ] Feature
- [ ] Code style update (formatting, renaming)
- [ ] Refactoring (no functional changes, no api changes)
- [ ] Documentation
- [ ] Other (please describe): 

## Release Notes (REQUIRED)
- Provide release notes as part of the PR submission which describe high level points about the changes for the upcoming GA release.

## What is the current behavior? (OPTIONAL)
- Describe the current behavior that you are modifying.

## What is the new behavior? (OPTIONAL)
- Describe the behavior or changes that are being added by this PR.

## Other information (OPTIONAL)
- Any other information that is important to this PR such as screenshots of how the component looks before and after the change.

> ## Pay close attention to (OPTIONAL)

Reviewer: we might want description text to this section to explain what it means?

Author: Added

- [ ] The readme.html have been reviewed and added / updated if needed (for bug fixes / features)
- [ ] Use the following format for PR description: `<App Name>: <PR Type> - <PR Description>`
- [ ] Please provide release notes as part of the PR submission which describe high level points of changes for the upcoming GA release.
- [ ] Please check the All checks pipeline is passing successfully.
- [ ] Please don't use the next branch of forked repo. Create separate feature branch for raising PR.

## Pull request type
<!-- Please do not submit updates to dependencies unless it fixes an issue. --> 
<!-- Please limit your pull request to one application, submit multiple pull requests if needed. --> 

Please check the type of change your PR introduces:
- [ ] New App
- [ ] Bugfix
- [ ] Feature
- [ ] Code style update (formatting, renaming)
- [ ] Refactoring (no functional changes, no api changes)
- [ ] Documentation content changes
- [ ] Other (please describe): 

## Release Notes
<!-- Please provide release notes as part of the PR submission which describe high level points of changes for the upcoming GA release. -->

> - [ ] Mandatory Section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REQUIRED
```

## What is the current behavior?
<!-- Please describe the current behavior that you are modifying. -->

> - [ ] Optional Section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPTIONAL
```

## What is the new behavior?
<!-- Please describe the behavior or changes that are being added by this PR. -->

> - [ ] Optional Section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPTIONAL
```

## Other information
<!-- Any other information that is important to this PR such as screenshots of how the component looks before and after the change. -->

> - [ ] Optional Section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPTIONAL
```

> ## Pay close attention to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pay close attention to
OPTIONAL
```
